Update main README to reflect L4R5 support (#227)
iml130/iree-bare-metal-arm: README.md

When using CMSIS and building for STM32411xE or STM32F446, one can select which UART to use.
UART1 and UART2 can be initialized by setting `USE_UART1` and `USE_UART2` to `ON`.
For STM32F407, STM32F746 and STM32L4R5 only UART2 is supported.

When using CMSIS and building for one of the supported STM32F4 MCUs, the clock can be configured in four ways.
The internal clock `HSI` or the external clock `HSE` can either be used with or without using a phase-locked loop (PLL).
To configure the clock set `CLOCK_SOURCE` to `HSI`, `HSE`, `PLL_HSI` or `PLL_HSE`. The option defaults to `HSI`.

When using CMSIS and building for STM32L476 or the STM32L4R5, the clock can be configured in two ways.
The internal clock `HSI` can either be used with or without using a phase-locked loop (PLL).

> To configure the clock set `CLOCK_SOURCE` to `HSI` or `PLL_HSI`. The option defaults to `HSI`. The options `HSE` and `PLL_HSE` are not supported on the STM32L476 since the [NUCLEO-L476RG](https://www.st.com/en/evaluation-tools/nucleo-l476rg.html) board does not allow to use the clock of the attached ST-LINK as the external clock by default. The STM32L476 also has an internal multi-speed clock `MSI` which is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the clock set `CLOCK_SOURCE` to `HSI` or `PLL_HSI`. The option defaults to `HSI`. The options `HSE` and `PLL_HSE` are not supported on the STM32L476 since the [NUCLEO-L476RG](https://www.st.com/en/evaluation-tools/nucleo-l476rg.html) board does not allow to use the clock of the attached ST-LINK as the external clock by default. The STM32L476 and STM32L4R5 also have other clocks which are not supported.
```
